So continuing with our study,
this next one is a graphic
novel. Like we said last
session, please describe what
you see and what is happening
and tell the story as you go
through the pages. So this one
has around 8 pages.
OK, I think I'll use my other
glove again. I'm sorry, it's.
Huge on the screen.
#START_arrival_4 Alright, so man
is taking a shower, he's
shaving, he's getting dressed,
so it's probably getting ready
in the morning.
He takes his hats. He looks at
the map. He's trying to figure
out where to go.
And he's got a a little
companion. A little.
Creature that's a odd looking
creature.
But it's following him, and he's
going through a large city with
complicated roads and buildings,
and he's in fact.
Looking at this map again,
trying to decide what to go. The
creature is is attending him,
and there he is.
In the midst of a whole bunch of
other people, there are teepee
like buildings and there are
ships floating through the air.
There's a huge viaduct or
aqueduct, which maybe the like
the boats on top of it. And it's
a it's a very busy scene. Lots
of things are moving about and
happening, and he's consulting
his map accompanied by his
little mysterious friend.
The the little creature that's
accompanying him is now joined
by a bird like creature with two
very tall pointy things on its
head, and they stand between the
man and the woman who is reading
a book. The man asked the woman
a question. It seems like he's
trying to ask how to get to a
certain place on his map and the
woman.
Shows him this machine. It looks
like a a phone machine except
it's got a big handle on the
left hand side and she pulls the
handle and out pops.
Something. It's it's a card of
some kind which he gives to the
man.
And they then the scene shifts
and we're looking up at the sky
with all these boats floating
through the through the sky
above them.
And it looks like one comes in
to land and they get on it and
it seems that the the card is a
ticket because a ticket taker
punches it and lets him onto the
onto the boat.
And then
Then we're going to move on, OK.
So they're they're on the boat
now, man still accompanied by
his little mouse like creature
friend, and woman still has her
little bird like friend, and
they're sitting next to each
other on the boat.
And they're having a a
conversation, and the man pulled
out of his pocket a picture with
a piece of paper, with a picture
on it, and some writing. And the
woman.
Also expresses surprise and
pulls out of her bag.
A very similar looking picture.
The picture of of the the man
has is looks like a picture of a
a man or a boy, and the picture
that the woman has is a picture
of a girl.
And that now the scene shifts to
the girl that's pictured in the
on the woman's paper reading a
book. But somebody comes along,
looks like a a man's hand, takes
the book away and puts it away
and locks it up in a drawer. He
gives the girl a shovel.
Tells her to. Looks like to
stoke a furnace.
And the.
But the furnace starts smoking
and the the girl decides there's
something wrong with the
chimney. So she climbs up the
ladder with a big brush and is
attempting to clean out the
chimney.
OK.
And.
It seems that there are a huge
number of similar rooms inside
of a big building, although we
can see the sky, so it's it's
not entirely enclosed, but the
the the girl is is is is
standing on top trying to clean
out this chimney and there are a
whole bunch of similar rooms
with similar chimneys with
similar looking girls in them
stoking the
Furnace. The girl
Comes down from this. She
appears very sad. She's trapped,
but she gets the idea of using
the shovel to force open the
door to the chamber in which
she's trapped, and she succeeds.
She gets back to the drawer
where the book has been placed
and takes the book and leaves.
She gets to a, a, looks like a
train yard when she climbs onto
a train wagon.
Uh and the train wagon.
The, the, the, the wagon that
she's in departs as part of a a
train and she's away from
wherever it was she was.
So now they the boat with the
with the man and the woman has
reached probably a a new.
a new place. The the woman
points out to the man something,
it's not clear what she's
pointing at. Maybe one of the
the billboards that you see in
the in the first picture on that
page. The the man, the the the
conductor of the boat makes an
announcement using a megaphone.
The boat comes into a dock and
the woman bids the man.
goodbye, so they part, and she
gives they shake hands and the
man goes off with his little
mouse like companion and is
wondering what to do next. And
he sees a big statue with
something that looks like his
his little friend that has been
accompanying him.
And uh, the the so, so the the
statue dominates a landscape of
buildings and.
So I think he's wondering.
He's wondering.
What this large statue is all
about.
So next.
So he he travels on. He walks
through a a street with lots of
people.
There, there are people selling
things. Looks like big octopuses
or squids in a in a cart,
there's a a woman.
Taking something out of a of a.
Looks like a vending machine.
A man looking at a.
Creature that maybe he wants to
buy, but the. Anyway, all this
activity is going on the man.
Looks at his, looks at the book
and sees a picture of a loaf of
bread and his companion is
pointing at.
A little door in one of these
vending machines or and the man
opens the door or drawer, in
fact, and finds.
Something in it. Not quite sure
what that is, but he's looking
at his book.
And then he takes this.
Thing it's a, looks some some
kind of creature with a a long
tail I think.
And.
He.
Oh, no, it's not the man who's
taken this thing. It's a it's a
boy who has taken the, the, the,
this creature from the drawer
that the man opened, and the boy
with another man, who probably
the boy's father.
Looks happy. And they offer this
thing from the drawer to the
original man and he says, no,
that's not what I want. I want
this loaf of bread and the boy's
father says, Oh, well you need
to look in this other drawer.
And he pulls out
Something else which still
doesn't look like a loaf of
bread, and the man tries to eat
it, but maybe doesn't succeed,
and the boy gives to him a
basket, and the boy's father is
explaining to the man.
Perhaps what to do with that
basket.
So we advance. We maybe find
out.
And.
The man, the boy's father.
has
A another.
Creature.
And the boy has.
Yet another looks like a a horn
of some kind with.
Little white things coming out
of it.
The the man says you can eat
that, but that is the, sorry,
the boy's father says you can
eat that. The boy shows this big
fruit like object, maybe like a
strawberry.
And.
The probably the the boy's
father has this.
Other thing with tentacles
coming out of it.
And and then produces some from
another place in the wall of of
vending machine type wall, a
long, then snake like thing, and
then he's got a shell like thing
or something and then a fruit
like thing. There are all kinds
of things that can be eaten and
the man, the original man, tries
one of these things, the fruit
like thing.
And the boy is feeding the
man's.
Mouse like companion.
This the same fruit. So with all
of this the the the man.
Have a variety of things he can
eat in this basket.
And then the boy says to his
father, he whispered something
to his father.
And the the boy's father.
is friendly to the original man.
Makes makes a proposition of
some kind and the the boy joins
in and says, well, let's go this
way together and.
They all go down to a place
where there there are a bunch of
boats sitting on a on a dry
lakebed or something and you see
an elaborate but strange city in
the background.
So next. So now.
The the boy approaches one of
the boats with the mouse like
companion and.
Tells the man to.
Come on and and he he shows
this.
urn, a large vessel that's
sitting on on the boat. The man
and and there's a tentacle.
Popping out, and then something
even the more of the tentacle
pops out the the man expresses
surprise and actually drops all
the food that he's been carrying
in the basket, and the boy
laughs at the man's alarm.
The boy, the boy's father
reassures the,
The man and says there's nothing
to be worried about, and the boy
shows the creature that has this
long tentacle and in fact it's
a.
Oh it's a cat like thing.
And um, but it's very, very
friendly. It looks like it's the
boy's pet.
And they, the boy and his
father, look at this.
This Cat like thing making
friends with the mouse like
thing that the the boy that the
man has brought and they seem to
be getting on well together as
do the man and the boy's father.
But.
The the the man is still trying
to find something and he he
draws a picture in his book to
try and.
Explain to the boy's father what
he wants, but he's drawing
pictures, presumably because
they don't have a common
language, but they.
The, the. The.
The boy's father seems to know
something he he explains
something and and he's looking
up to the sky and a light is
getting brighter and and we we
zoom in on the guy's face and
then his eye and what comes
next? #END_arrival_4
Good for this part of the story,
so I know later.
Yes, I wanted to know what
happened.
It's very interesting, but for
now we're looking at this
complex scene, so unlike the
graphic novels, it's just going
to be one page, and so please
describe it in detail.
Here we go.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo OK,
page is called escape from the
zoo. {The Penguins were bored
with life at the zoo, so they
hatched a plan to escape from
their enclosure. They are
enjoying their newfound freedom,
completely unaware of the chaos
they have created around them.
Spike love skateboarding and
mafia cannot believe that ice
cream cones taste so good. Can
you pick out all 10 Penguins?
And that's a a caption on the
page that I just read.} And
indeed, it is a scene from a
zoo. And there are all kinds of
animals there. Penguins don't
seem to be the only ones that
have escaped. In fact, there's a
rhinoceros that seems to have
escaped and is chasing people
who are running away in a
terrified manner.
The there's this.
Some large giraffes who are.
Reaching over the railing and
and eating.
Foods that are.
People have brought from
themselves and are scaring the
people. There are there's a
parrot flying around.
Chasing an airplane that is
driven by one of the escaping
Penguins, there are a bunch of
gorillas.
That people are looking at and
either the gorillas are
imitating, one of one of the
gorillas that's imitating one of
the boys, or one of the boys is
imitating one of the gorillas.
It's not really clear they're
both doing the same thing, but I
I think it's the the the boy was
imitating the gorilla because
one of the guards of the zoo,
one of the keepers is is telling
the boy not to do that.
And uh, there's, uh, there's a
shop and there's a cafe.
People are patronizing. There's
an ice cream stand in the middle
where which seems to be doing a
a good business.
We also see.
Trees with.
Yes, they're they're lemurs,
maybe.
In the background, there's a
there's a polar bear enclosure.
With some of the bears sitting,
and some of the Bears, one of
the Bears is in the pool.
And there's a, there's a tree.
In addition to the leaves in the
tree, there's a. There's a.
Funny looking bird in the in the
same tree there's a there's an
elephant enclosure in the back,
and we also seem an EMU in that
same enclosure the the elephant
appears to be eating.
Something that one of that one
of the zoo goers is.
Feeding him. There are.
People.
Standing by the elephant
enclosure, watching one of the
escaped Penguins that.
It is is doing a dance, has a
has a top hat and is
entertaining the crowd.
We also see.
Oh, the, the, the, the Penguin
enclosure. This must be because
it's empty apart from some some
ice and.
But there's a there's, it's,
it's Oval in shape. There's,
there's water around the edge,
and then there's this ice.
Island with little houses.
Well, it's it's one big
structure with little doors that
the Penguins presumably live in,
but it's empty. There's, there's
there's nothing in it. There
are. There are zoo keepers who
are.
Seemed to be milling around,
one's got a net. I think they
wanted to try and catch to the
the the Penguins.
There are also zebras and
flamingos in the same enclosure.
That seems to be pretty normal.
There's a hippo in in the pool
along with the with the
flamingos and the bird sitting
on the back of the hippo.
Umm.
There are we also see a lion
enclosure. Unfortunately, some
children seem to be.
Seems to have fallen into the
line enclosure.
A couple of them are trying to
get out. A couple of them are
kind of.
Down in the bottom one looks
dazed and the other looks really
scared and one foolish child is
actually leaping into into the.
Um uh closure.
One of the the Lions don't seem
to be reacting to these
children, although.
One of them may be licking its
lips, the the the male with the
with the big mane. There are a
couple of.
I don't know. Gophers. Prairie
dogs. Something in the holes in
that line enclosure too. And and
the scorpion.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
OK, that was about 5 minutes.
That was good.
So going forward, it's another
story, a different one. This one
has around 20 pages. Ohh wow.
#START_return OK, the dedication
is for my parents. Um, we see a
a cross section of a house. In
one room and man is sitting at a
drafting table doing a drawing.
There's a kite also floating
about in that room.
Although it's not clear what's
keeping it up. Must be windy in
the house.
And then, uh, that's upstairs.
Downstairs there is a boy who is
drawing a a door on the wall. He
has a a red.
Crayon that I it seems to be
able to create a door, or so he
hopes. And there are two red
things in the room. A, a ball
that he's holding and a, looks
like a model of a balloon that
is suspended from the ceiling.
There's also a purple thing. I
can't really make out what it
is. Suspended from the ceiling
next to the next to the balloon
and the rest of the house seems.
Unremarkable. It's just just the
house.
So the the man at the drafting
table notices the kite which has
fallen to the floor.
Picks it up.
And then he puts it down.
and he goes down to the other
room where the boy had.
had um
Drawn the door uh, which now is
appears to be a real door, and
it's open and the boy has
presumably gone through it. We
we see a a little more detail in
the room. The.
The the thing next to the
balloon is in fact a dragonfly,
a model of a dragonfly and as a
map of the world.
On the wall beneath both of
them.
So the the man also goes through
the door and it turns out he
goes into a totally other world
where the door appears to be a
door in in a tree and he's in
this wood.
Where there are brightly colored
lanterns hanging from the trees,
and he sees.
And there's a stream.
And on the opposite Bank of the
stream, there's a little dock,
and on the dock is the red ball
that that which is probably the
one that the boy had been
holding. But there's no no sign
of the boy.
So the man.
Crosses the stream, somehow,
gets to that dock and and then a
boat comes along with a, looks
like a a horse or.
Dragon on the on the prow of the
boat and the big tail on the
back.
The boat comes up to the dock,
the man gets on it and the the
boat sets off, taking the man
somewhere. And it takes him to
a, to a castle. We saw this
castle in the one of the
previous stories it seems.
And.
He's he's on a.
Aqueduct crossing the water.
Well, let's see.
Trying to see whether the water
that the man is on on on the
boat is connected. I think it
is. It looks like an archway
that goes through to a broader
set of water and across that
broader water, the the boy is
crossing an aqueduct in a red
boat and the scene is
illuminated by a a bright full
moon.
So the the man.
Um.
The the, the the the boat
carrying the man somehow gets to
the same place as where the
where the boy is and we see the
the man jumping out of the boat
onto a a dock and running up.
The, uh towards.
The boy.
And.
Um.
I'm not completely sure whether
it was the boy or the girl. So
so the.
As in the previous story, we saw
this. Uh, there's a boy in a
striped shirt and a girl in a in
a white shirt.
And it might be that the the man
was following the girl rather
than the rather than boy. I've
forgotten what kind of shirt the
the child had, but in any case,
they're they're they're the the
girl is running up some steps
towards.
The boy and the the king that
we've previously seen with the
with the Purple bird and.
He he he gets there the the.
And he's asking the king, I
think, what's going on?
The boy.
Umm is is there with the purple
bird sitting on his shoulder,
and the the girl. So it must
have been the girl that he was
following all along because she
has the red crayon in her hand
and and she's not.
Pleased with this intervention,
she doesn't really want anything
to do with the man who is I I
think probably her father.
And.
One of the detail is that both
the boy and the girl are wearing
crowns similar to those slightly
smaller than the crown that the
king is wearing, and the girl is
standing next to a throne which.
That is probably the throne for
the for the king. Although it
has several seats. In fact, it
has three seats, probably one
for the king and one for each
for the boy and the girl.
OK.
So.
Into the scene.
Uh.
Benches another boat similar to
the one that the man came in.
But there are soldiers on this
boat and it's probably the same
lot of soldiers that. Oh no, so
it's the same boat and the the
soldiers come out of a door in
the front of the boat that had
not previously been opened. And
the the the soldiers are
probably attacking the king, but
the king holds out.
a
A pen. I think it's one of these
magic pens he's gonna Draw
Something with.
And is basically acting in
defense of the the boy and the
girl and the father.
So he draws.
A sword and he uses this sword
to fend off.
The the soldiers who are
attacking, but one of the
soldiers has a machine with a a
crank handle and the the
soldier.
Turns the crank.
And it.
It it swallows the sword and the
magic pen that the king has
used. So now the king is is
defenseless, and two soldiers
grab the king while the the the
first soldier.
Continues on with his with his
magic grinding box that he's
presumably carrying following
the the man and his his two
children.
But the the boy still has a
magic pen and he draws.
A horse it's like a a a Griffin
with it's it's the it's got it's
got wings it's got feet shaped
like a horse but the the head is
more like a a bird or a dragon.
But anyway these these this
magic.
Horse.
Flies away and saves them from
the soldier with the with the
magic grinder.
So.
Now.
The magic, the the soldier with
the magic grinder.
is on.
The boat which has turned into a
flying machine and he's chasing
them.
And he uses his magic grinder to
grind up.
The the creature that the boy
and the girl and the father are
are flying away on.
And it's it's succeeding. The
the wing is getting.
chewed up and the the magic pen
that the boy has is is snatched
away from him into this grinder,
so they're up in the air. So now
what's going to happen?
And in fact.
The the creature is completely.
Destroyed. There are all kinds
of feathers getting sucked into
this magic grinder.
The king, who is on board this
flying ship, grabs the boy as he
falls off.
But the the father and the girl.
Um fall together. The father's
holding on to the girl. The
girl's crown is falling off, but
the girl has a magic pen in her
hand, and she has the the purple
bird tucked under her arm. So
now they're they're falling
through the air and they fall
into the water.
So they don't, they don't hit
anything solid and they're
falling down, down in the water.
But whilst they do, the girl
starts drawing something that
looks like a bottle and in which
she and her father and the bird
are contained, but in fact it's
not.
A bottle. It's a submarine and
the the they navigate In this
submarine. The girl is looking
through a Periscope, guiding
where they are and the father is
down below driving this
submarine and guiding its its
progress.
So they they surface in the
submarine, they surface in this.
In this cave.
In this in the sea, so it's a
kind of indentation of the of
the sea with with water, but
it's, it's, it's, it's sheltered
as a cave and on the walls of
this cave there are a lot of
drawings of of people and boats.
And.
Uh.
Door, design as a door.
And.
So there's been a lot of cave
drawing on the spot and the the
boy, the father and the girl are
looking at this, and the purple
bird is flying around near their
heads.
So now they get off the
submarine and go further into
The Cave where they're they're
looking at a drawing which
appears to show somebody with a
magic grinder sucking things up,
and somebody else with a magic
pen that is not getting sucked
up.
um standing in front of them,
and the the girl points this out
to the to the father.
Who is little bemused by all
these. And the purple bird is
still standing by and you see in
the bottom left of the picture a
door in in the rock, which is
probably going to be somewhere
they go, I predict.
Uh, but I'm wrong.
Because what happens next is
coming up to this cave is are
the soldiers with the magic
grinder.
And.
So and which the vessel has now
turned back into a into a boat.
And they they float in and the
girl and the father hide behind
a rock.
And there's a little more detail
in the picture, which shows in
addition to the grinder, the the
the rock picture, so there's a.
Not quite sure it shows. It
shows a person and a plant and.
The person standing in the
doorway and looking at the
plant. But anyway, they they
soldiers are after them and
they're hiding so that.
The father now gets in on the
act and he starts drawing.
a, drawing something. It's,
it's, it's a.
A door or A frame with a swing
for the for the bird.
Not clear what's going to is
going to do, but let's move on
and see.
So.
It turns out to be a.
It's basically a trap that the
the bird is the sitting on this
swing in the middle of this
structure. It's, it's the bait
and the the soldier with the
magic grinder rushes up and he's
trying to grind up the bird. But
there is.
There are four doors on this
structure which are let down as
ramps, but as the soldier rushes
into the structure.
The ramp the the the the ramps
close up and turn this.
Structure into a into a cage for
the soldier and he, in in the in
the process drops or is has the.
Magic Grinder pulled away from
them. I think it's because he he
ground up the the bird, but the
bird is still somehow intact.
And so, so now the soldier is
trapped in a cage and it looks
like the father is going to
throw the the grinder at the the
cage.
But. And so maybe to break it.
But the the girl is alarmed by
that.
And he does. He's, he he throws
it down and.
The grinder explodes, and all
the stuff that's been ground up
in it flows out in a tremendous
explosion of creatures and
artifacts.
Including the the purple.
Bird.
The the King and the and the boy
who'd been on the boat.
Run towards them. These, the two
soldiers who are holding them
captive.
Are very scared.
As is the the the the soldier
who is operating the grinder
who's still in the cage.
So now.
This, this the soldiers.
Go off on this on this boat
seemingly defeated. Oh and one
of the.
Things that came out of the
grinder this dragon like
creature which is taking the
cage with the with the Grinder
soldier in it. He was flying off
to some.
Unknown place, but it's it's
probably not good. And the
The the The the King and the boy
and the girl and the father
watched them recede.
The girl is is happy to see her
father and he's.
Uh, she she gives him a a big
hug.
And the, the, the door that we
saw previously is now partially
open and it probably leads back
to the to the real world that
the father came from. And you
see the tail of the kite
sticking through that door.
Looks like the the boy is gonna
stay with the king and maybe the
the girl is going to go back
with the with the father, but
that's how it ends.
Uh.
And that they have.
The, uh, the door into the
draft, the the place in the
house where the father was
working on the drafting table.
But you see outside a kite
flying, and I think it's
probably the the father and the
girl in the park flying the kite
together. #END_return OK, so
that was the story.
OK, so this next one is another
part of the graphic novel. It
has four pages.
OK.
#START_arrival_5 OK, so now
we're back to the first story
with this this wild and
wonderful city with houses and
and strange sculptures of
strange creatures. And there are
birds flying in the sky. And
there are. There are.
Boats on a on a ramp down by the
sea.
And and we we then see the.
um the father.
Uh, maybe tying up a a boat or
to a post and then leading the
the man, the original man.
Uh, somewhere.
He basically says We've arrived
and come this way, and they're
preceded by.
The the mouse like creature and
the cat like creature and the
boy carrying a basket. The the
boy.
Takes the basket and gives it to
a, a woman who is probably his
mother and the.
The man, uh hugs, the the woman
who's probably his wife, and the
the man and the the wife.
It's gonna be confusing when I
say the man. The father and his
his wife greet the the man and
say his welcome. In fact, they
give him a drink and they both,
they all clink glasses and
toast.
So the the woman then starts to
prepare the the food and it
looks like they're going to
have.
Have a meal together.
So yes, indeed.
They they the wife is.
Talking to the to the man and
maybe explaining something about
the the food. The boy is is also
sitting at the table but he's
feeding the the mouse like
creature and the cat like
creature. The father is looks
like he's roasting one of the
food items with this.
I don't know, this gas flame.
Umm.
And uh, so they're all having a
jolly time that the, the, the,
the the father is saying
something. His his wife, let's
call him, let's call her the
mother. But the mother is, is,
is, is laughing.
Man seems happy. The Ohh and now
the the father gets out of
musical instrument, looks like a
little like an accordion with
big horns coming out of it, and
the mother gets out a different
instrument, a flute like
instrument and the boy gets out
a banjo like instrument and
they're all playing together.
Now the.
The man.
Gets out a piece of paper and I
think he does like origami and
makes a creature out of it that
looks like the cat like
creature.
And.
The.
The father pulls out of.
The the wall a pot of some kind.
And the the mother and the
father both hold this pot
together and it's like they're
going to present it to the to
the man and we see a close up of
the pot.
Uh, and then?
The pot.
We go further away from the pot
and the pot seems to be in a
Picture so it's.
It's it's in the in a picture
frame and the man in fact wakes
up from his sleep, so maybe he's
been dreaming a lot of this, but
the he still has the the mouse
like creature.
Near him and it's uh, I think
the mouse like creature is is
licking him almost like a dog.
So he gets up, he puts on his
shirt and he cuts up a vegetable
of some kind and he's feeding it
to the mouse like creature.
And he puts on his coat, and
then the the creature brings him
his his hat.
And he's probably going to go
somewhere. So off he goes.
With the creature following him
and there are a lot of other
people on on the street.
There's another man with a with
a. It's like a duck and and
there are.
Birds in in the sky and it's the
scene there's washing on a line
across the street.
It's a little misty. So now.
We see a scene where it looks
like there are, there are.
There are men, I'm not sure what
they're doing.
They got long sticks. There's an
another.
Person with a big hat.
Giving food to some creatures
who are hungry.
There are women in a in a shop,
and they're buying something.
There's
A man painting.
Something standing on a ladder.
There's a woman selling.
I don't know, food. And.
But anyway, the.
The man comes to the door, looks
like of a restaurant, and he's
talking to the man.
The chef in the restaurant, then
he goes somewhere else. He's
talking to a man.
Sitting by a big boiler and he's
asking him something so it looks
like he's looking, he's trying
to get directions, or he's lost
something or he's looking for
something. He he's in, he's now
in a shop, he's talking to a
woman.
And he's.
He's in a.
He's in a place where there are
lots of these floating boats and
he's asking a workman or so
somebody with a with a tall hat,
the same thing. So he's he's
trying to find something that
he's he's lost or trying to find
directions. He's asking
something of all these people
and he's not getting answers.
So. #END_arrival_5
All right. So that was this part
of the story.
Alright, so this next one is a
complex scene, so like you were
doing before, describe what you
see and what is happening and
I'll let you know when it's off.
It's about 5 minutes.
OK.
It's.
#START_birthday_party_fun OK,
this one says birthday party
fun. {The Penguins stumble upon
a birthday celebration. Amelia
thinks the monkeys at the zoo
seemed calm in comparison to
their kids at this party. You go
ahead straight for the party
food to nibble the sandwiches
while Arnie stretches his wings,
gets ready for a game of tug of
war, and you pick out all 10
Penguins. And that's the caption
on this theme.}
So we see a birthday party,
there's a a bouncy castle, and
in the top right there are.
Kids in various suits, a Bunny
suit, a frog suit, a bat suit.
A superhero suit, bouncing
around in this bouncy castle.
We see.
A.
Penguin. There's a there's a kid
in a Penguin suit being chased
by a man in a in a net. So
there's maybe. I'm not sure
that's a real, counts as a real
Penguin. Or not. Presumably not.
There's a there's a lion suit
and a crocodile suit and zebra
suit. They're all running around
having having great fun.
Now, elsewhere in the in the
picture, that's a man with a
with a birthday cake,
accompanied by a woman who seems
very pleased. He's bringing the
birthday cake to a table where
there are already lots of really
good looking desserts.
Lined up with the there are
plates at the end of the table.
Napkins.
Not looking to be a great deal
of traffic at the table. There
are a couple of people. There's
one guy in the chef costume,
but he looks like a kid.
And there's a girl
Well, in a in a.
A fairy queen outfit, uh, taking
some cookies and putting on her
plate. There is there's a group
of kids around the pinata. One
of the there's a boy who was
blindfolded. He's got a stick.
He's trying to hit the pinata
with it.
The and the.
Adults and mother behind him.
Uh, that's probably just spun
him around and other kids are
are looking on. There's a an
older woman.
Behind the fence, peering over
to see all the activity going
on.
There's a.
A real Penguin wearing a Tarzan
suit next to a a boy in a Tarzan
suit. And they're cheering on a
tug of war match. There are
Kids in a superhero outfit and a
pirate outfit and and all that.
Not sure what that outfit is.
On one side and then the other
is a guy in a Viking outfit, an
Indian.
A Roman soldier outfit and
they're pulling on the other
side and and nobody has yet won.
There is a table with presents
on it, and there's a.
A man, father probably, probably
standing next to a girl who is
beaming, and maybe she's the
birthday girl, but there is
another girl either handing
parcel to the father or being
given it unclear which.
There's a
This is somebody else with a
parcel. Maybe they're going to
put it on the on the table.
There are people.
Coming into the garden where the
party is being held.
A girl in a bee suit. A guy in a
kind of.
60s mod outfit.
There's a swimming pool.
Where there are.
There are kids. One's got a a
squirt gun and he's squirting it
other people outside the the
pool a girl is filling her
squirt gun. A girl in a bathing
suit spilling her gun. There is.
a uh
A kid with a with a hose. So
he's dressing the fireman's
outfit, but he seems to be
squirting the hose into himself.
And in the pool is surprisingly,
a mermaid. Maybe it's a, maybe
it's an outfit, but and a boy
who was pouring water on the
head of the the mermaid. Another
boy is is leaning on the edge of
the pool, and the water is
spilling out to the dismay of a
a girl who was dressed up as a
as a as a queen.
#END_birthday_party_fun
So that was about 5 minutes.
Good moving on and next. It's
also a complex scene.
#START_by_the_lake Ok, this says
by the lake. {After the
excitement of the past few days,
the lake is the perfect place
for the Penguins to lie back and
relax from the sunshine planted
to keep the young ones
entertained. Pee Wee can't stop
playing in the sand and dot is
having a fantastic time
splashing around and trying out
the different water sports. Can
you pick out all 10 Penguins? We
haven't succeeded yet.
Try so.}
There is a a lake. There are
lots of boats out on the lake.
One is a.
Probable water skiing team with
a pyramid of of people. That
there are 8 water skiers across
the bottom, and and then six and
three and two and one in a big
pyramid. There's a hang, well
not Hang Gliding, parasailing
going on. And
um, while there's 4, the
Kite kite skiing.
And there are just sailboats.
There's a there's a dragon boat
with a big crew. There's a
little paddle boat. There's
there's windsurfing boats.
There's a kayak.
There's.
A platform where kids are
jumping into the water and and
just hanging out. There's a girl
on a on a paddle board.
Uh a girl, a group of kids on a
banana boat.
More kids on paddle boats.
There's a couple of kids in
kayaks.
Then around the side of the the
lake there are people riding
bikes. They're
Just hanging out on the on the
rocks, there's a a cabin with.
Umm.
There's a boat stacked outside
the cabin. Down the path, there
are there are girls doing hand
stands and backflips of various
kinds of somebody doing a.
Standing on one leg. Maybe it's
a yoga pose.
People chatting and talking. One
girl has this long noodle like
floatation thing. There's a
dock, people are sitting on the
dock. One goes fishing off the
edge of the dock. Penguin is
actually fishing off the dock,
so.
There are, near the shore, there
are people lying on on rubber
rings and.
And.
The.
Mattresses, air mattresses, and
the and the.
On the on the shore there's a
beach is there are kids making
sandcastles.
Somebody's riding a Segway
scooter over the.
over the sand. There are little
kids in a in a more isolated
pool.
seems to be like a good time.
There are, further up the beach,
there are people sitting in and
deck chairs under umbrellas.
It's a waste basket that the
Penguin is hiding behind.
Somebody's playing soccer.
That's a.
Man giving a kid a piggyback
ride. Somebody has a kite.
There are.
Uh.
Ohh so these. There there are
some people playing bocce, it
looks like, tossing balls trying
to get next to a small white
one. There's a boat on the shore
and there's a volleyball game
going on. Somebody just is
trying to spike the ball and a
girl is is has her hands up
trying to block the shot.
There are some.
Older people looking out calmly
at the, at the scene, there's a
couple, there's a teenager
couple going to go walking hand
in hand along the beach.
#END_by_the_lake
What else have we not? We're
good team. We can move on to the
next one.
OK.
Again, it is a complex scene.
Alright.
#START_unfriendly_giants Now
this one is called the
unfriendly giants. {Then Waldo
and Wizard White Bread came to
the land of the unfriendly
giants, where many waldos had
been before. And Waldo saw that
the Giants were horridly
harassing the little people. And
when he found the 10 scroll, it
was time to continue with his
journey. That's the caption.}
So we see giants and little
people mixed up.
There are
Uh, some giants in the in the
bottom left here who are sucking
water through straws out of a
pond, and they're squirting the
water at little people, which
knocks them.
Over and they're they're unhappy
about it, but they can't do much
about it.
There are.
Moving to the left, there are
people, there are little people
who are fighting back by.
Catapulting rocks at the Giants.
But the the the rocks seem to
just bounce off the Giants
without doing much harm. And
then one of the rocks bounced
off and hit some of the little
people, which did do them some
harm. And the there's also a
giant smacking.
A bunch of little people.
There are.
Giants who are playing a game of
of chess or drafts, or I think
it's drafts because they're
hopping over multiple people.
They, uh with with little people
and and.
The little people just have to
stay there and be part of the
part of the part of the game.
And one of the Giants who's
watching the game just gives a a
backhanded slap to little people
and knocks them over.
Moving around we see a house
where seems to be a house for
little people, and they are they
are wandering around and.
Finding their own businesses, it
seems like they aren't being
harassed by the Giants exactly
there.
Moving up on the left, we see a
trap for a for a giant. There's
a picture of a giant woman.
Uh, which is attracting a a
giant man. But there's a a big
hammer behind the woman which
the little people are operating
and the hammer is going to smash
the man as he approaches the the
woman to make friends with her.
Looking to the right, we see.
Some little people trying to.
Trip a giant who has who has
caught some little people and
has stacked his belt but he,
they've got a, a a a rope around
one of the giants feet but.
It may be that the giant is is
just pulling them and they're
not having a lot of effect with
this rope. Another giant has a
rope of his own and he's looped
it around a house.
Of little people, and it's
probably going to be capturing
them.
Moving further on, there's a a
giant approaching another of
these trap.
A giant women and offering her,
well it's actually a tree; it
looks like a bunch of flowers
but it's actually a tree that
he's uprooted. And
That this is a hammer waiting to
to hammer him in his amorous
amusement.
#END_unfriendly_giants
Last minutes we can go on to the
next one.
OK.
Right, alright.
#START_airport {So the caption
it's me again, Waldo folks, some
very strange things happened at
the airport this morning. A
helicopter chopped down all the
flagpoles, a smuggler was caught
hiding, walks is under his
beard, and a herd of elephants
was heading onto a jumbo jet
with.
This is being sent to wallow
folks under the carpet under the
bed down under.} So indeed we
see an airport scene out on the.
Tarmac, there's a a plane a
people are getting off the
plane. There are.
People offloading the luggage,
they they don't seem to be doing
a very good job. They're
throwing the bags around and
bumping and hitting one another.
and not.
Getting many of the bags on the
trolley that's waiting for the
bags. Although there are some
bags on the on the trolley.
Umm.
There are there are people
standing on the on the wings and
on the top of the plane for
some.
Reason there's a fire engine
which is trying to.
which seems to be squirting.
Some passengers for for some.
Reason.
Umm.
There are a bunch of of workers
who are standing around some
crates looks like they're
smoking, even though that's a
bad idea around jet fuel.
There there are.
There's another plane with.
Passengers trying to get out of
the stairs for the to the plane
have been pulled away, so
they're actually all falling out
of the plane and falling onto
the ground.
There's a a small a small plane
of an old fashioned biplane with
a playing card in its cockpit.
The playing card is is an ace of
spades. And that's probably
because pilots are kind of
pilots are called aces
sometimes. There's there's a.
A jumbo jet.
Which has just opened the door
and its nose, and the opening of
the door is just knocked a bunch
of workers off the top of the
truck that they were standing on
behind the door.
There are.
A couple of other planes, one
plane is is trying to go
somewhere.
Ohh and and in fact there's a
plane with blue stripes and the
plane with a yellow body. And
there are guys with the
directional panels where they're
trying to guide them, but
they're they're they're the men
have their back towards each
other and they're guiding the
planes towards each other, and
in a way that is not good for
probably going to bump into each
other.
There's a balloon. A hot air
Balloon.
With.
Looks like there's some people
trying to pump it up.
We see planes in the sky.
There's a plane taking off.
There's a looks like a Concord
or Concorde plane. There's a a
dirigible, a biplane or a
regular jet. There's a rocket
going off, we see past the
control tower.
There is a.
Jumbo jet with a bunch of
elephants.
Getting onto it. #END_airport
Weather.
OK, keep going.
Yeah, we have a lot of bees
complex scenes.
#START_ancient_rome Ohh wow.
Yeah so this is 2000 years ago,
Fun and games in ancient Rome.
{The.
The the Romans spent most of
their time fighting, conquering,
learning Latin, and making
roads.
When they took their holidays,
they also had games at the
Coliseum.
Umm.
And all sort of playground.
Their favorite games were
fighting more fighting chart
racing, fighting and feeding
Christians to lions when the
crowd.
Gave a gladiator the thumbs
down. It meant he should,
should.
Kill his opponents.
Thumbs up.
Meant he should let him go.
The fight to the death another
day.}
So indeed we see.
An arena, an ancient Roman
arena. There are crowds around
the outside.
There are several lions. Some of
the lions have figured out a way
To get out by piling up on each
other and they're then going
into the crowd and attacking and
eating people there. There are
some gladiators who who are
trying to escape from a lion and
and they're climbing up the
walls of the.
Of the arena.
There are, there are lions
coming out of of a of a gate
and.
They're looking around, maybe
for their next meal. There.
There are this looking further
down this.
A chariot with four horses and a
man being dragged behind it
looks like he fell out of the
actual chariot.
There's.
Ahead of him, there's a man
who's just holding onto the
reins of horses, being dragged
by them. Further back, there's,
there's a.
A chariot where the roles have
been reversed and there are
four.
Men who are gladiators may be
who are pulling Chariots in
which there's a horse holding
the reins.
And then then behind them is a
regular looking chariot, that is
with a man and.
Driving horses. The the chariot
has these big spiky things on
the.
On its axles.
And it looks like it's just
driven over one man.
There, there's there's various
fights going on here. There are
there are gladiators with
swords.
There are those one.
Umm.
Gladiator is lying on the ground
and he's lost his shield and
another one.
He's probably one of the the
Christians because he doesn't
have any armour, but he's got a
sword and he's about to.
slay the gladiator.
Then
There are.
There are people who are wounded
who are being helped away.
There, there are people who are
being dragged away.
There there's oh, I see
something with a with a Trident
and a net, which is I think was
used to be used for fighting
lions. Oh and there are.
Not sure whether tigers or
leopards. I think there might be
leopards with big yellow cats
with with spots that are also
in.
And fighting. #END_ancient_rome
OK, we can go on. That was about
5 minutes.
OK, OK, so um, we are moving
into a story. It has 11 pages.
Hey.
#START_flowerman So we see a
scene with a with a a village.
There's a gas station and bar,
bait shop.
It looks like there's a.
It used to be.
A seaside place.
Uh, with a with a harbour and a
little dock, there are some.
There's a boat, but there's no
water.
And the water is all dried up.
There's also in the background.
It looks like a a funfair with a
with a with a Ferris wheel.
Behind the behind the gas
station. There is a a bridge
over this old harbour and a man
is walking across the bridge
which is illuminated by these
gas lamps.
So the man continues along into
the into the town. He's
carrying.
A bag in one hand and an
umbrella in the other.
Again the the street is
illuminated by these old gas
lamps. There is a cafe.
Somebody leaning against the.
Door or door post in the cafe,
there are people.
In the.
Apartments above the cafe.
Uh.
A man and a woman, not sure what
they're doing, seems to be
looking at each other.
I I see a car on the street.
Which is illuminated from the
street partially with this
headlamp. And there's a there's
a boy.
On a balcony.
Looking out, away from the
direction that man is coming
from with a.
Probably a dog sitting on the on
the.
About on the edge of the
balcony.
Accompanying the boy.
Now the the the man gets further
and he is approaching a house
with a for sale sign.
on it. That house looks empty,
but next to it there's a.
A better.
More populated.
house. Yeah, the one with the
for sale sign looks like
decrepit. The shutters are
falling off the windows, but
next to it there's a.
it's a house. There's a, is a.
A man.
It looks like he's in the bath.
And.
The.
And then it looks more like a
living room in the next room.
with, with a couple of people in
it.
Uh, and then there's, uh, there
are more houses with more people
coming and going.
There's a.
A fountain in the street, again
without any water in it.
And it's.
The man is the only one that has
any color showing. His hat is
blue and his clothes, um bag is
tan and he wears a scarf.
So now it's daylight and the
man, the four self sign is gone
and the man is fixing up the
house, he's repairing the
shutter, he's got a lawnmower
out, he's cut the grass.
The tree behind the house is is
is blooming.
The house next door, the man is
still in the in the bath and.
The the people in the room next
door are still there. There's a
milkman delivering.
Milk and people are in the
streets and they're, they're
going places. They're probably,
some of them are going to work.
Some of them are going to.
the shop.
And.
Now we see the.
the
The man has pretty much fixed up
this this house. It's it's
remarkably colorful compared to
everything else.
It's it's things are things are
much.
Brighter.
But everything else is is all
black and white, while the house
has a, has a purple roof, blue
shutters.
Are a red, orange, green tree.
Behind it.
Umm.
There are. There are other. You
know, other people are going
about their business. Oh but
there is one girl.
Walking along the sidewalk, but
also has some color to her. So
she's probably going to be part
of the story, and she is.
Carrying something, I can't make
out what it is.
And.
The, the man, The original man
is down on his knees.
He's he's.
Hand is raised, waving. And the
the girl is has her head down.
Walking away. So maybe the man
and the girl have had some kind
of.
Falling out. She looks sad. He
looks a little sad too.
So now there's a lot more color
in in this picture.
The man is in front of the of
his house.
With another woman with orange
hair, green jacket, blue skirt.
Standing next to him is A is A,
is a boy. He'd been in previous
part of the pictures, but now
he's in, he's in color. There's
a.
Girl in the street. So, so
somehow seems that this man's
color and I don't know,
livening, is is somehow livening
up the neighborhood. But we see
the girl who would walk away in
sadness across the street
holding on to.
Uh, a man. Again she seems sad.
It's not really clear what she's
sad about. But that house is is
now much more colourful than it
was before. Although the man
she's holding on to is is is
grey.
Umm.
There are other details. There
are other bits of color over to
the right and in fact the man in
the in the bath is is now in
colour, although the the next
room, the people in the next
room. So it's still unclear what
they're doing but they are still
black and white. There's.
A moving van called Movers and
shakers.
And the people, gray people in
in that house with the man in
the bathroom, appear to be
moving out.
So maybe the
Gray people are moving out of
the neighborhood, and they're
all being replaced by more
colorful people.
So now.
Umm.
Things are really colourful all
over the town.
Um, the man
he's he's got an apron on.
He's uh. There's a woman
standing next to him with her,
with a baby. It's a small child
looking through the through the
door.
Umm.
Let's see. I'm trying to see if
we can see the.
The sad.
girl. She may be.
Standing, sitting in front of
the.
Of the house with the man in the
back. He's still in the bath,
but the room next to him is now
in in bright colour.
There are people on the balcony
on the roof of that house.
A man, a woman and a child.
There's an older man sitting on
the steps of of of that house
and the the girl who maybe the
girl who was sad is is.
Sitting or kneeling in front of
him and maybe he's telling her a
story.
There's a there's a car, a
bright colored sports car in the
in the street.
And there's a milk truck also in
the street.
Kids playing soccer.
The guy in a in a wheelchair.
With a with a bad leg.
And the milkman is dancing in
the street with another girl, so
I think things look a lot
happier in this town now.
{OK.
Ohh this I'm sorry, the same
thing.
So the the.}
Where is the man?
So now the man is leaving, he's
his, his house is is closed up.
It still looks in in good shape,
but there's also a I think it's
a for sale sign on the grass,
which is which is now not quite
so neatly.
Trimmed.
The man has finally got out of
the bath and he's standing on
the roof of his house with a
towel wrapped around him.
But he looks happy.
There are.
The guy in the wheelchair is is
going down the street. The kids
are playing soccer. There's
There's a kid on a hobby horse.
I'm not sure whether it's the
same girl who was sad. The, you
know, blue or yellow top, blue
skirt, but she's seems to be.
Happy next to a an older, larger
girl.
Umm.
The.
There's still people on the on a
rooftop with a telescope that
was there before, didn't comment
on it.
The.
The milk truck is still there.
There's nobody, nobody in it.
Ah, that's a.
Looks like an ice cream.
Truck with a, with, it's got
flowers in it.
What else?
OK.
So now the man is going back the
way he came.
Umm.
As in the second picture, we saw
that the the balcony.
Now has a man, a woman and a a
girl.
On it, the one where there was
just one boy previously.
Umm.
The cafe
Still has a man leaning against
the.
The door.
There's a man with a, standing
next to a motorbike. The light's
on.
The man
Is taking off down the street.
It's it's it's starting to get
dark. I think it's not
completely dark, but it's
getting dark. But there's still
a lot of, a lot of colour in in
in the houses.
But now the light is almost
faded.
And the man
Is in a different place. It's
it's it's dark. He's under a
street lamp. It's it's bright
and and he's.
Outside the house with a for
sale sign on it. There's a
little dog.
Umm.
And the man is holding.
I'm not sure he's holding. It's
it's a diamond shape.
But he's he's still colorful,
and all the houses around are
are Gray and colorless. There's
a man watching him through a
window of the next.
uh house looks very surprised.
He's got a a a pipe holding a
pipe that's close to his mouth,
and up above there's a little
girl and a woman looking out.
The little girl looks pleased.
Woman looks kind of shocked.
Umm.
So now there's, there's, there's
color again, the the girl is
holding a flower.
Which the it looks like the man
is probably just given her,
because he's proceeding out of
the picture to the right and the
man who with the pipe.
Uh no longer has the pipe. He
has a flower instead in his
hand, and his now got a colorful
red bow tie and his cheeks are
rosy. The house is still Gray.
But the people have been.
Illuminated and made colorful by
by the things that the man has
has given them. #END_flowerman
OK, so that was the story.
Now we're switching back to a
complex scene.
OK.
#START_waldo_1 {My friends, my
name is Waldo. I'm just setting
off on a worldwide hike you can
come to. All you have to do is
find me. I've got all I need.
Walking Stick, Kettle, Wallet,
Cup, backpack, sleeping bag,
binoculars, cameras, snorkel,
belt, bag and shovel. I'm not
traveling on my own. Whether I
go, there are lots of other
characters for you to spot.
First find woof. But all you can
see is his tail when there was a
white.
White beard and an odd Lord and
find 25 Waldo watches somewhere,
each of whom appears only once
in my travels can you find the
one or the character appears in
every state. Also in every scene
can you spot my key? Woof spoon.
When does camera wizard white
Bread scroll and odd laws
binoculars? Wow, what a such.
And so that's, well those
instructions.}
And we see a city scene.
There is a fountain in the
middle of a triangular.
I was gonna say a triangular
square. That's a little little,
doesn't quite makes sense, but
it's a it's a triangular place
in the middle of the street with
where the fountain on the top.
There's a man in a snorkel
outfit on a.
On a, sitting on top of a
fountain which is spurting
water.
There's also on that triangular
place, there's.
A Roman soldier holding a bow
and arrow.
There's a.
On the street.
Next to the fountain, there's an
accident. A red car's run into
the back of a yellow pickup
truck.
There's a
A barbershop which people are
going into and coming out of in
a
Very fast, unusually fast rate.
There's a restaurant where.
Umm.
A waiter is is talking to a
woman while.
Spilling wine on the table of
the the man next to her.
There is a.
Across the street there's a
building, where there are window
washers.
One of the window washers has
just dropped something which is
going to land on the head of a
man walking by.
There there is a
A motorcycle going by which
seems likely to.
Knock some people over who are
crossing the street.
There is a there's a car,
there's a motor scooter.
There on on.
Building to the left, there are
people working on on the roof.
They seem to have mops, but
they're they're fighting each
other with these, with these
mops.
Outside that building, there's a
square. {I'm going to sneeze.
Excuse me, I see. Thank you.}
That there was a a market where
people are selling things.
Somebody selling plants, there's
somebody.
I don't know what else they're
selling, but they're they're
definitely market stalls.
There's a man playing a violin.
People are all standing and
listening to him.
Um.
In the streets to the right
there there's a man opening a
manhole cover from underneath,
knocking over a man who is
standing on it, and he bumps
into some other people and
knocks them over and turn. So
somebody riding a bicycle.
And somebody reading a paper
crossing the street.
Bicycle may run into him.
Um.
Let's see.
On the on the other side of the
triangular.
Place with the fountain, there
is.
I think it's maybe an hotel.
With this bellboy with a bag,
one with the dog. There's a
doorman who's opening the door
for a car, but I think she just
got out of. And there's an
awning where the entrance to the
hotel is on the roof of the
hotel.
There are.
Several people.
And it looks like maybe a a, a
dog that got away that they're
trying to catch.
Looking further away, we see.
Fire Station with Fire engine, a
jail.
A police station with a.
Policeman ringing a.
A crook he's apprehended into
the station.
We see the, another store, is
maybe a television store, and
then there's a shoe shop.
There's a.
Like probably a gas station or a
car repair place. #END_waldo_1
OK. So we're good for today.